Feat: Adding terraform bootstrap for fully private deployment (#200)
aws-samples/crossplane-aws-blueprints: bootstrap/terraform-fully-private/README.md

# EKS Cluster bootstrap with Terraform for Crossplane

This example deploys the following components
- Creates a new sample VPC with Two Private Subnets and the required VPC Endpoints
- Creates EKS Cluster Control plane with one managed node group
- Crossplane Add-on to EKS Cluster
- Upbound AWS Provider for Crossplane
- AWS Provider for Crossplane
- Kubernetes Provider for Crossplane
- Helm Provider for Crossplane

## Crossplane Deployment Design

```mermaid
graph TD;
    subgraph AWS Cloud
    id1(VPC)-->Private-Subnet1;
    id1(VPC)-->Private-Subnet2;
    Private-Subnet1-->EKS{{"EKS #9829;"}}
    Private-Subnet2-->EKS{{"EKS #9829;"}}
    Private-Subnet3-->EKS{{"EKS #9829;"}}
    EKS==>ManagedNodeGroup;
    ManagedNodeGroup-->|enable_crossplane=true|id2([Crossplane]);
    subgraph Kubernetes Add-ons
    id2([Crossplane])-.->|crossplane_aws_provider.enable=true|id3([AWS-Provider]);

>     id2([Crossplane])-.->|crossplane_upbound_aws_provider.enable=true|id4([Upbound-AWS-Provider]);
>     id2([Crossplane])-.->|crossplane_kubernetes_provider.enable=true|id5([Kubernetes-Provider]);
>     id2([Crossplane])-.->|crossplane_helm_provider.enable=true|id6([Helm-Provider]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    id2([Crossplane])-.->|enable_upjet_aws_provider=true|id4([Upbound-AWS-Provider]);
    id2([Crossplane])-.->|enable_kubernetes_provider=true|id5([Kubernetes-Provider]);
    id2([Crossplane])-.->|enable_helm_provider=true|id6([Helm-Provider]);
```

    end
    end
```

## How to Deploy
### Prerequisites:
Ensure that you have installed the following tools in your Mac or Windows Laptop before start working with this module and run Terraform Plan and Apply
1. [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-cliv2.html)
1. [Kubectl](https://Kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)
1. [Terraform >=v1.0.0](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/terraform/install-cli)

### Troubleshooting
1. If `terraform apply` errors out after creating the cluster when trying to apply the helm charts, try running the command:
```shell
aws eks --region <enter-your-region> update-kubeconfig --name <cluster-name> --alias <cluster-name>
```
and executing terraform apply again.

1. Make sure you have upgraded to the latest version of AWS CLI. Make sure your AWS credentials are properly configured as well.

> ### Deployment Steps

Reviewer: Add a Step0 explaining how to run the push-images-to-ecr.sh script.

#### Step1: Clone the repo using the command below

```shell script

> git clone https://github.com/aws-samples/crossplane-aws-blueprints.git

Author: also fixed in the terraform bootstrap

```

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> The examples in this repository make use of one of the Crossplane AWS providers. 
For that reason `upbound_aws_provider.enable` is set to `true` and `aws_provider.enable` is set to `false`. If you use the examples for `aws_provider`, adjust the terraform [main.tf](https://github.com/awslabs/crossplane-on-eks/blob/main/bootstrap/terraform/main.tf) in order install only the necessary CRDs to the Kubernetes cluster.

#### Step2: Run Terraform INIT
Initialize a working directory with configuration files

```shell script

> cd bootstrap/terraform/

Reviewer 2: Should this be `cd bootstrap/terraform-fully-private/` ?

Author: fixed

terraform init
```

#### Step3: Run Terraform PLAN
Verify the resources created by this execution

```shell script

> export TF_VAR_region=<ENTER YOUR REGION>   # Select your own region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export TF_VAR_region=<ENTER YOUR REGION>   # Point to a specific region, defaults to us-east-1
```

```
and executing terraform apply again.

1. Make sure you have upgraded to the latest version of AWS CLI. Make sure your AWS credentials are properly configured as well.

### Deployment Steps
#### Step 0: Clone the repo using the command below

```shell script
git clone https://github.com/awslabs/crossplane-on-eks.git
```

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> The examples in this repository make use of one of the Crossplane AWS providers. 
For that reason `upbound_aws_provider.enable` is set to `true` and `aws_provider.enable` is set to `false`. If you use the examples for `aws_provider`, adjust the terraform [main.tf](https://github.com/awslabs/crossplane-on-eks/blob/main/bootstrap/terraform/main.tf) in order install only the necessary CRDs to the Kubernetes cluster.

#### Step 1: ECR Settings

**Retrieve Docker Credentials:**
   - Replace `your-docker-username` and `your-docker-password` with your actual Docker credentials. 
   - To retrieve the Docker password for Amazon ECR, use the following command, making sure to replace `your-region` with the AWS region where your ECR repository is located:
     ```bash
     aws ecr get-login-password --region your-region

>      ```

Reviewer: This is not the ecr password, it is the docker-hub login. The one you would use to login here: https://login.docker.com/u/login/identifier.

Author: I've reverted this change.
